#Company WebsiteCompany website mainly used for relaying information between the company and its customers.###Features- Twitter Bootstrap- DataTables - JavaScript- HTML and CSS- PHP (phpMyAdmin)- SQL Database (MySQL)###SearchCustomers can search for products. Search results are displayed in a Bootstrap-styled table. Customers can limit the number of search results to be displayed on the page. The search results table can be sorted by the headers. ###Content Management System (CMS)A web content management system is a software system that provides website authoring, collaboration, and administration tools designed to allow users with little knowledge of web programming languages or markup languages to create and manage website content with relative ease. *(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_content_management_system)*###Search Engine Optimization (SEO)SEO is the practice of improving and promoting a website to increase the number of visitors the site receives from search engines. There are many aspects to SEO, from the words on your page to the way other sites link to you on the web. Sometimes SEO is simply a matter of making sure your site is structured in a way that search engines understand.*(Read more about SEO at http://moz.com/beginners-guide-to-seo)*###Future Plans- Compare feature	- ability to compare products side by side - Recommendation system	- ability to recommend the best product suited for customers' requirements- Optimized sort	- ability to sort by speed of machines, capacity, and print resolution